docs: added migration from oss (#3605)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/testkube-cloud/installing-agent.md

## Validating the Installation 

Testkube Cloud will notify if the installation is successful. 

* A green indicator means that your cluster was able to connect to Testkube Cloud.

> * A red indicator indicates that the Testkube Agent can't connect to the Testkube Cloud API (Testkube need some time to establish connection max 2-3 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A red indicator indicates that the Testkube Agent can't connect to the Testkube Cloud API (Testkube needs some time to establish a connection, max time is 2-3 minutes).
```
